

Extensions to Use as per Akshay Saini: 

1. Better Comments 
2. Bracket Pair Colorizer 
3. ES7+ React/Redux/ 
4. GitLens 
5. Prettier 
6. vscode-icons 
Extra: Emmet 


Homework: 

1. Read about Emmet 
2. What is CDN (Content Delivery Network)? 
3. What is Cross-Origin? 
4. What is the difference between async and defer? (Watch YT video of Akshay on this topic) 

Coding Assignment: 
1. Build the Boilerplate code using HTML, JS, React 

**Imp: 

When passing children in React, we pass it using array. 

Interview Question: 

1. React Overriding whatever is in root with Render and only showing what is in render() 

Note: Make a GitHub Repo and have Theory & Coding Assignments in it. 




Chapter 01 - Inception
Link to my Code
Theory -
● What is Emmet?
● Difference between a Library and Framework?
● What is CDN? Why do we use it?
● Why is React known as React?
● What is crossorigin in script tag?
● What is diference between React and ReactDOM
● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
● What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;)
Coding -
● Set up all the tools in your laptop
○ VS Code
○ Chrome
○ Extensions of Chrome
● Create a new Git repo
● Build your first Hello World program using,
○ Using just HTML
○ Using JS to manipulate the DOM
○ Using React
■ use CDN Links
■ Create an Element
■ Create nested React Elements
■ Use root.render
● Push code to Github (Theory as well as code)
● Learn about Arrow Functions before the next class
References:
- https://beta.reactjs.org/apis/react/createElement
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrHmpdORLu8


●  What is Emmet?
   Emmet helps us to write the HTML CSS faster by using simple abbrevations that are then converted into code blocks.

● Difference between a Library and Framework?



● What is CDN? Why do we use it?



● Why is React known as React?

      React is frontend lib which help to create single page application using component based structure

● What is crossorigin in script tag?

     If we serve react from CDN , we recommend to keep the crossorigin attribute set

● What is difference between React and ReactDOM



● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?



● What is async and defer? - see my Youtube video ;)